Nia/docs 0.7.0 (#14353)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/nia/architecture.mdx

Each driver includes a set of providers that [enables support](/docs/nia/terraform-modules) for a wide variety of infrastructure applications.

## State storage and persistence  

The following types of state information are associated with CTS.

### Terraform state information 

> By default, CTS stores [Terraform state data](https://www.terraform.io/docs/state/index.html) in the Consul KV, but you can specify where this information is stored by configuring the `backend` setting in the [Terraform driver configuration](/docs/nia/configuration#backend). If the backend is not configured to a local location, then the data persists if CTS stops.  

Author: I see the logic, but I think this is a case with two condition because we don't expect CTS to stop, AFAIK. It might be possible that there are more than two possible locations (remote, local, ?), so this still might not be accurate.

### CTS task and event data 

> By default, CTS stores task and event data in the Consul KV. This data is transient and does not persist unless you configure [CTS to run with high availability enabled](/docs/nia/usage/run-ha). High availability is an enterprise feature that promotes CTS resiliency. When high availability is enabled, CTS stores and persists task changes and events that occur when an instance stops.  

Author: ```suggestion
By default, CTS stores task and event data in memory. This data is transient and does not persist. If you configure [CTS to run with high availability enabled](/docs/nia/usage/run-ha), CTS stores the data in the Consul KV. High availability is an enterprise feature that promotes CTS resiliency. When high availability is enabled, CTS stores and persists task changes and events that occur when an instance stops.  
```

## Instance compatibility checks (high availability)

If you [run CTS with high availability enabled](/docs/nia/usage/run-ha), CTS performs instance compatibility checks to ensure that all instances in the cluster behave consistently. Consistent instance behavior enables CTS to properly perform automations configured in the state storage. 

The only incompatibility CTS checks for are tasks that are configured with a [local module](/docs/nia/configuration#module). CTS instances that do not include this module directory are incompatible. Example log:

```shell-session
[ERROR] ha.compat: error="compatibility check failure: stat ./example-module: no such file or directory"
```
Refer to [Error Messages](/docs/nia/usage/errors-ref) for additional information.

CTS instances perform a compatibility check on start-up based on the stored state and every five minutes after starting. If the check detects an incompatible CTS instance, it generates a log so that an operator can address it. 

> CTS logs the error message and continues to run when it finds an incompatibility. CTS can still elect an incompatible instance to be the leader, but tasks affected by the incompatibility do not run successfully. This happens because all active CTS instances enter [`once-mode`](/docs/nia/cli/start#modes) and run the tasks once when initially elected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CTS logs the error message and continues to run when it finds an incompatibility. CTS can still elect an incompatible instance to be the leader, but tasks affected by the incompatibility do not run successfully. This can happen when all active CTS instances enter [`once-mode`](/docs/nia/cli/start#modes) and run the tasks once when initially elected. 
```

To clarify, an incompatible task is forced to run during once-mode (as are all tasks) but the incompatible task would also run when triggered. In either case, whenever the incompatible task asked to run, it will run but unsuccessfully. An alternative suggestion is to remove the whole last sentence.

## Security guidelines

> We recommend following the network security guidelines described in the [Secure Consul-Terraform-Sync for Production](https://learn.hashicorp.com/tutorials/consul/consul-terraform-sync-secure?utm_source=WEBSITE&utm_medium=WEB_IO&utm_offer=ARTICLE_PAGE&utm_content=DOCS) tutorial. The tutorial contains a checklist of best practices to secure your CTS installation for a production environment.

Author: IDK, there were already there. @devarshishah3 - do you know if we need the tracking tags?
